DEVELOPER.md: Improve acctest environment variables guide (#29797)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: DEVELOPER.md

The following Environment Variables must be set in your shell prior to running acceptance tests:

> * `ARM_CLIENT_ID`: See note below on setting up `ARM_CLIENT_ID`
> * `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET`: See note below on setting up `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET`
> * `ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`: The Azure subscription id, can be obtained from portal
> * `ARM_TENANT_ID`: The Azure tenant id, can be obtained from portal
> * `ARM_ENVIRONMENT`: Default is `public`. See [from_name.go](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-azure-sdk/blob/e69969765468264aac1f33333f6d93887c816327/sdk/environments/from_name.go) for other possible values.
> * `ARM_TEST_LOCATION`: Location where test resources are created, use `az account list-locations` CLI command to see list of available locations.
> * `ARM_TEST_LOCATION_ALT`: Similar as above. Some acctest creates resource in multiple locations.
> * `ARM_TEST_LOCATION_ALT2`: Similar as above. Some acctest creates resource in multiple locations.

Reviewer: I think adding extra information for some of these is helpful, however we should avoid duplicating information where possible, for the service principal auth configuration we can replace the note below and descriptions here with a reference to the Registry documentation.

```suggestion
* `ARM_CLIENT_ID`
* `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET`
* `ARM_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`
* `ARM_TENANT_ID`

For more information on the environment variables above, see [Azure Provider: Authenticating using a Service Principal with a Client Secret](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/guides/service_principal_client_secret)

* `ARM_ENVIRONMENT`: This defaults to `public`. See [from_name.go](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-azure-sdk/blob/e69969765468264aac1f33333f6d93887c816327/sdk/environments/from_name.go) for other possible values.
* `ARM_TEST_LOCATION`: The primary location where test resources can be created, use `az account list-locations` CLI command to see list of available locations.
* `ARM_TEST_LOCATION_ALT`: The secondary location where test resources can be created. Some acceptance tests require the use of multiple locations.
* `ARM_TEST_LOCATION_ALT2`: The tertiary location where test resources can be created. Some acceptance tests require the use of multiple locations..
```

**Note:** Acceptance tests create real resources in Azure which often cost money to run.

> There are two set of steps to setup `ARM_CLIENT_ID` and `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET`. First create a new 'App registration':
> 
> 1. From Azure portal, go to 'Microsoft Entra ID'
> 2. Go to 'App registrations' -> 'New registration'
> 3. Provide a descriptive name such as `yourusername-azurerm-acctest`, leave 'Supported account types' to the default option, and hit 'Register'
> 4. On the App registration details -> 'Overview', note down the 'Application (client) ID', this is your `ARM_CLIENT_ID`
> 5. On the 'Manage' -> 'Certificate & secrets', add a new client secret using the 'New client secret' button
> 6. Note down the 'Value', this is your `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET`
> 
> Next, you need to assign 'Contributor' role to your app for the subscription:
> 
> 1. Go to 'Subscriptions', choose the subscription you will use for acctest
> 2. Go to 'Access control (IAM)' -> 'Role assignments' -> 'Add role assignment'
> 3. From 'Privileged administrator roles', choose 'Contributor', hit 'Next'
> 4. On the 'Members' tab, choose 'Assign access to' to 'User group, or service principal'
> 5. Hit '+ Select members' and search the app you just created by its name
> 6. Hit 'Review + assign'
> 

Reviewer: Remove in favour of linking to the registry documentation

```suggestion
```
